README.md, before:

## Project Description

This project is a revision of the Tap Room Angular2 application.



## Notes

Add a Notes section where you document unforeseen issues and questions you encountered during your development process. Commit these notes by themselves.
| Issue                                        | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Resolution                                                                                            |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Placement of Edit Keg in Component Tree      | Making the tree, I was unsure where a component that edits an individual keg from the keg list would go. I eventually put it coming off of keg list, because that's where the data that would be modified by the user resides, but was unsure because I also imagined edit keg to be a dynamically routed page for each keg on the list.  | not found yet                                                                                         |
| RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded | keg list component is mapping masterKegList using Keg model and index. Something is causing an infinite loop!                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | accidentally declared: import Keg from './KegList'; on KegList. Resolved path and issue was resolved. |
| x                                            | xx                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | xxx                                                                                                   |

Commit message:

Add New Keg page, component and link. Document issue with style jsx global.

README.md, after:

## Project Description

This project is a revision of the Tap Room Angular2 application.



## Notes

Add a Notes section where you document unforeseen issues and questions you encountered during your development process. Commit these notes by themselves.
| Issue                                                                       | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Resolution                                                                                            |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Placement of Edit Keg in Component Tree                                     | Making the tree, I was unsure where a component that edits an individual keg from the keg list would go. I eventually put it coming off of keg list, because that's where the data that would be modified by the user resides, but was unsure because I also imagined edit keg to be a dynamically routed page for each keg on the list.  | not found yet                                                                                         |
| RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded                                | keg list component is mapping masterKegList using Keg model and index. Something is causing an infinite loop!                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | accidentally declared: import Keg from './KegList'; on KegList. Resolved path and issue was resolved. |
| console error: Unknown props `global`, `jsx` on style tag in app component  | This error started appearing when I added a style jsx tag with a global flag on App. It does not prevent the page from rendering, or the styles in the tag from appearing globally                                                                                                                                                        | not found yet                                                                                         |
